wats of grass ain't black ops Mason
welcome to the GTA 5 video on my channel
so today you guys are going to be
talking about the exclusive content the
brand new vehicles that will be coming
through GTA 5 on the ps4 xbox one on the
pc so if you do go into enjoy the video
guys Baghdad all they have some use that
you'll leave a like rating and if you
were to see some more content like this
up on my channel make sure you have a
subscribe button on screen now or below
the video guys thank you very much
watching and and joy so if you didn't
know already a brand new trailer for GTA
5 on next-gen has been released i will
link it down in the description i've
already also done a couple of videos on
its already just covering the brand new
things i'll be in there including all of
the new features and there's also a
separate video on the brand new radio
station songs and everything like that
so like i said all the links to them
will be down in the description but in
this video I'm going to be focusing on
the brand new content the brand new
vehicles the blimp the speedo you know
car stuff like that it's gonna be
absolutely amazing so what they said was
a host of new exclusive content also
awaits players returning for the
playstation 3 and xbox 360 versions
including web versions of classic
vehicles to collect from across the
Grand Theft Auto series such as the
Dukes the dude of seaplane add a faster
more maneuverable blimp activities
include wildlife photography and new
shooting range challenges new weapons
and more rock star also said existing
players will be able to transfer their
grand theft auto online characters and
progression to their choice of
playstation 4 xbox one or pc for more
information about gaming access to
exclusive content for returning players
please visit rockstar com /v /a bonus
content so also it looks like if you
play GTA 5 before and if you are going
to transfer over to the next gen
consoles you will be getting some a
bonus content so again that will link
into the vehicles and all the new
features for GTA 5 for the next gen so
like I said we'll be having brand new
vehicles including rare vehicles or rare
classic versions of other vehicles that
we've had in previous grand theft autos
before so for example we are having the
Dukes returning to GTA 5 it's a two-door
American muscle car we've actually seen
it before on GTA 4 the last and down the
ballad of gay tony and chinatown wars so
it has previously been in GTS like i
said it is based off the 19
sixty eight to nineteen seventy judge
dodge charger and that's the front
bumper of its kind of got a bit of a
pontiac lemans in there at the GTA the
Firebirds so it looks like a really
awesome car will be having the classic
version of this returning to the
next-gen version of GTA 5 will also be
getting the dodo which is a civilian
fixed-wing aircraft is a small propeller
aeroplane over the capacity of two
that's what the stats were in previous
gtas it actually appeared in GTA 3 san
andreas and liberty City Stories but
only as a modern that one and as you can
see the dodo is on screen now I'm not
too short if the one in previous GTX is
landon woods i think it could but if it
couldn't maybe it's a mix between this
the dodo and this skimmer plane so you
know it looks like the dodo but it has
like floats on the bottom that could
actually land on water it also then sets
will be get any fast maneuverable blimp
now obviously the blimped up we've got
in GTA 5 at the moment is pretty boring
it's really slow as hard to turn like i
said it's just really a pre-order thing
that you could only get once you
pre-order there's no other way to get it
and to be honest it isn't really that
good with a faster version and a more
maneuverable version of this that would
be absolutely amazing hopefully does
look different and doesn't leave you
know similar to the other blimp maybe
just different colors that's boring i
want a totally different design if it's
going to be faster movable and it needs
to be different to me is probably
smaller a little bit maybe it looks
somewhat futuristic in kind of like this
who knows we don't know yet but we will
be getting more vehicles as well they
just haven't released the names of any
other ones so it also said the bottom
like I've covered earlier you will be
able to get exclusive bonus content for
returning players from the previous gen
consoles so maybe this is brand new
bonus cars I'm also wondering what's
going to be happening to the chameleon
and the I forgot is called the hot-rod
car the cars that were in with the
collector's editions for GTA 5 for the
xbox 360 and ps3 it don't look like
we're going to be getting a therm
o'clock position for the xbox one
version and ps4 so maybe they could be
including them cause as kind of like
bonus content maybe who knows guys but
that is it for this video thank you all
very much watching if you could have one
car in GTA 5 for next-gen what would you
be what would it be tell me in the
comments section below guys thanks for
watching the video leave a like rating
if you have enjoyed make sure you hit
that subscribe button on screen now
Oh Belinda video phone system of it is
from me thank you all very much watching
until next time peace out